README.md, before:

# kubeutils
Useful kubernetes utilities

## kubecm

### Before you begin

This utility can use only for Mac OS. It's not validated in other OS(Windows, Linux).

You must install `yq` to use this utility.
```
$ brew install yq
```

I recommend to install `kubectx`, `kube-ps1`, `k9s` to operate multi cluster easily.
```
$ brew install kubectx
$ brew install kube-ps1
$ brew install k9s
```

### Installation

for example:
```
sudo git clone https://github.com/zodiac12k/kubeutils /opt/kubeutils
sudo ln -s /opt/kubeutils/kubecm /usr/local/bin/kubecm
```

If you want to reload automatically KUBECONFIG when your terminal session open:
For zsh:
```
echo "kubecm -r" >> ~/.zshrc
source ~/.zshrc
```
For bash:
```
echo "kubecm -r" >> ~/.bashrc
source ~/.bashrc
```

### Usage
```
$ kubecm
/tmp/kube-config-dummy-6A01475C-86A8-4AAB-B5B3-5590BA018E1F.yml:/Users/aaa/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/bbb-admin/kube-config-ccc.yml:/Users/xxx/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/yyy-admin/kube-config-zzz.yml:

$ kubecm -r
Start reload KUBECONFIG
Finish reload KUBECONFIG
/tmp/kube-config-dummy-6A01475C-86A8-4AAB-B5B3-5590BA018E1F.yml:/Users/aaa/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/bbb-admin/kube-config-ccc.yml:/Users/xxx/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/yyy-admin/kube-config-zzz.yml:
```

Commit message:

Add readme to why this utility is born

README.md, after:

# kubeutils
Useful kubernetes utilities

## kubecm

### Why this utility is born?

If you download the kubeconfig via ibmcloud cli `ibmcloud cs cluster-config CLUSTER_NAME`, you can export only one kubernetes config.

`kubectx` helps you switch among multiple cluster, but you cannot export multiple kubernetes configs easily for IBM kubernetes service.

So this utility helps you manage and merge KUBECONFIG downloaded from IBM kubernetes service.

### Before you begin

This utility can use only for Mac OS. It's not validated in other OS(Windows, Linux).

You must install `yq` to use this utility.
```
$ brew install yq
```

I recommend to install `kubectx`, `kube-ps1`, `k9s` to operate multi cluster easily.
```
$ brew install kubectx
$ brew install kube-ps1
$ brew install k9s
```

### Installation

for example:
```
sudo git clone https://github.com/zodiac12k/kubeutils /opt/kubeutils
sudo ln -s /opt/kubeutils/kubecm /usr/local/bin/kubecm
```

If you want to reload automatically KUBECONFIG when your terminal session open:
For zsh:
```
echo "kubecm -r" >> ~/.zshrc
source ~/.zshrc
```
For bash:
```
echo "kubecm -r" >> ~/.bashrc
source ~/.bashrc
```

### Usage
```
$ kubecm
/tmp/kube-config-dummy-6A01475C-86A8-4AAB-B5B3-5590BA018E1F.yml:/Users/aaa/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/bbb-admin/kube-config-ccc.yml:/Users/xxx/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/yyy-admin/kube-config-zzz.yml:

$ kubecm -r
Start reload KUBECONFIG
Finish reload KUBECONFIG
/tmp/kube-config-dummy-6A01475C-86A8-4AAB-B5B3-5590BA018E1F.yml:/Users/aaa/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/bbb-admin/kube-config-ccc.yml:/Users/xxx/.bluemix/plugins/container-service/clusters/yyy-admin/kube-config-zzz.yml:
```
